test: chore: docs(BMS): BMS add new test cases and add some documents (#4074)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/bms_instance.md

    at least three of the preceding character types.
  + The value cannot contain the username or the username spelled backwards.

* `key_pair` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the name of a key pair to put on the instance when create BMS with
  Key pair mode. The key pair must already be created and associated with the tenant's account. The field is required
  when using a Windows image to create a BMS. Changing this creates a new instance.

* `user_data` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the user data to be injected during the instance creation. Text
  and text files can be injected. `user_data` can come from a variety of sources: inline, read in from the
  *file* function. Changing this creates a new instance. The use of this field has the following restrictions:
  + The content to be injected can be encoded with base64 or plain text.
  + The maximum size of the content to be injected (before encoding) is 32 KB.

-> **NOTE:** The value of `admin_pass` or `user_data` will be injected into the BMS as a password when create BMS with
  Password mode. If both `key_pair` and `user_data` are specified, `user_data` only injects user data when create BMS

>   with Key pair mode.

Reviewer: -> **NOTE:** (1) If the `user_data` field is specified for a Linux BMS that is created using an image with Cloud-Init
installed, the `admin_pass` field becomes invalid. (2) The field `admin_pass` is valid only when `key_pair` and `user_data`
are not specified. (3) The field `key_pair` is valid only when `admin_pass` is not specified. (4) The three parameters
`admin_pass`, `key_pair` and `user_data` cannot all be empty. (5) If both `key_pair` and `user_data` are specified,
`user_data` only injects user data.

  -> **NOTE:** For Linux BMSs with Cloud-Init, if field `user_data` is specified, field `admin_pass` is invalid. Public
  images contain Cloud-Init or Cloudbase-Init by default. For private images, you need to check whether Cloud-Init or
  Cloudbase-Init is installed.

* `key_pair` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the name of a key pair to put on the instance. The key pair must
  already be created and associated with the tenant's account. If this argument is not specified, `admin_pass` or
  `user_data` argument is mandatory. Changing this creates a new instance.

  -> **NOTE:** If both `key_pair` and `user_data` are specified, `user_data` only injects user data.
  When a Windows image is used to create a BMS, this parameter cannot be left blank because the Windows image supports
  only login using a key.

* `user_data` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the user data to be injected during the instance creation. Text
  and text files can be injected. `user_data` can come from a variety of sources: inline, read in from the
  *file* function. Changing this creates a new instance.

>   -> **NOTE:** The content to be injected must be encoded with base64. The maximum size of the content to be injected

Reviewer 2: actually, **plain text** is supported in SDK, please check and try it.

* `nics` - (Required, List, ForceNew) Specifies an array of one or more networks to attach to the instance. The network
  object structure is documented below. Changing this creates a new instance.

> * `admin_pass` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the administrative password to assign to the instance when
>   creating BMS with Password mode. Changing this creates a new instance. The use of this field has the following
>   restrictions:
>   + The valid length of this field is 8 to 26 characters.
>   + The value can contain only uppercase letters, digits, and special characters (!@%^-_=+[{}]:,./?) and must contain
>     at least three of the preceding character types.
>   + The value cannot contain the username or the username spelled backwards.
> 
> * `key_pair` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the name of a key pair to put on the instance when creating BMS
>   with Key pair mode. The key pair must already be created and associated with the tenant's account. The field is
>   required when using a Windows image to create a BMS. Changing this creates a new instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `admin_pass` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the login password of the administrator for logging in to the BMS using password authentication.
  Changing this creates a new instance. The password must meet the following complexity requirements:
  + Contains 8 to 26 characters.
  + Contains at least three of the following character types: uppercase letters, lowercase letters, digits, and special characters !@$%^-_=+[{}]:,./?
  + Cannot contain the username or the username in reverse.

* `key_pair` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the name of a key pair for logging in to the BMS using key pair authentication. 
  The key pair must already be created and associated with the tenant's account. The parameter is
  required when using a Windows image to create a BMS. Changing this creates a new instance.
```

* `user_data` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the user data to be injected during the instance creation. Text
  and text files can be injected. `user_data` can come from a variety of sources: inline, read in from the

>   *file* function. Changing this creates a new instance. The use of this field has the following restrictions:
>   + The content to be injected can be encoded with base64 or plain text.
>   + The maximum size of the content to be injected (before encoding) is 32 KB.
> 
> -> **NOTE:** (1) When creating BMS with Password mode, the two parameters `admin_pass` and `user_data` cannot all be
>   empty, if the `user_data` field is specified for a Linux BMS that is created using an image with Cloud-Init installed,
>   the `admin_pass` field becomes invalid and `user_data` will be injected into the BMS as a password. (2) When creating
>   BMS with Key pair mode, the field `key_pair` must be specified, if both `key_pair` and `user_data` are specified,
>   `user_data` only injects user data.  (3) The three parameters `admin_pass`, `key_pair` and `user_data` cannot all be
>   empty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  *file* function. The content of `user_data` can be plaint text or encoded with base64. Changing this creates a new instance.

-> **NOTE:** 1. If the `user_data` field is specified for a Linux BMS that is created using an image with Cloud-Init installed, the `admin_pass` field becomes invalid.
  <br/>2. If both `key_name` and `user_data` are specified, `user_data` only injects user data.
```
